[Music]
welcome to the heavy spoilers show I'm
your host definition and it looks like
shang-chi is getting even better with
the internet getting official news that
Jackie Chan is in negotiations with
Marvel Studios to play Zeng Zoo in the
legend of the ten rings this comes up
the back of the face for San Diego
comic-con panel where the film was
officially announced by Kevin Feige the
movie is looking to have a large and
wide-ranging cast of Asian actors and I
think it's fair to say that Jackie Chan
is arguably the biggest Asian movie star
of all time probably only rivaled by the
late Bruce Lee Chan is reportedly
negotiating a small part and shang-chi
and if confirmed this is rumored to be
announced officially at the Disney d23
Expo which will be happening later this
month but those who don't know Xing Zhu
is Chang Chi's father so yeah there's a
potential for a lot of ways that the
story could go here soo apparently
created shang-chi from forging his heart
from the steel of the ebony blade melted
in the eternal flame for those who don't
know this is the foundation of Chang
cheese legend and it's one of the
reasons why has such a reputation I
definitely think it's a smart move to
cast Chang in this role and him passing
the torch somewhat during the movie will
definitely add a lot of authenticity to
it
Xing Zhu actually becomes a villain in
the series and the fact that this is
being listed as a small role could mean
that this is a setup for the next film
and the series with Chan playing a more
prominent role further down the line I'm
really hype for the news as I think Chan
will bring a lot of credibility to the
film and the martial arts legend giving
his seal of approval will definitely
give the MCU a huge foundation to build
off of obviously I love to hear your
thoughts on the news and if you're
excited to see Jackie Chan in the MCU if
you have the better casting idea then
let me know in the comments below and if
you enjoyed this video then please like
it and make sure you check out my
comic-book casting news video on how
Kevin Conroy is finally getting to play
a live-action version of Batman which
will be linked at the end in October
Conroy rolled so it's definitely worth
checking out
you want to come talk to me about movies
TV shows games and comic books and you
can follow me on Twitter a definition
whitey it's the best way to get in touch
with me and it's the perfect place to
suggest new videos and content so
hopefully I see over there after this I
also just want to let you know that
we're currently giving away a free copy
of Avengers endgame on blu-ray to one
lucky winner and all you have to do is
like this video make sure that you
subscribe to the channel and leave your
thoughts on the Jackie Chan casting news
in the comment section below the winner
will be chosen at random on August the
10th and the blu-ray will be shipped out
from then to ever get surprise so best
of luck to everyone he takes part this
is a channel for people who are super
into superheroes so if that's the kind
of thing you like hit subscribe thanks
again for taking the time to watch this
I've been definition you've been the
best and I'll see you next time take
care peace
[Music]